MASTER SLAVE NOTES
==================

Diagnostic Tools To Help Diagnose Gunner Requirements

- first things to check 
 - that the machines can see each other and that ports are not blocked!
 - how?

> mechanic listen --port 9090 --response "{message} yourself!" --cnt 0
output:  
	> recieved "hello"
	> sent "hello yourself!"

> mechanic send --port 9090 --message "hello" -c 5
output: 
	<- hello1 -> hello1 yourself!
	<- hello2 -> hello2 yourself!
	<- hello3 -> hello3 yourself!
	<- hello4 -> hello4 yourself!
	<- hello5 -> hello5 yourself!
	end.

samples
=======
> mechanic listen -p 9090 -r "hello {message}" -c 4
	output:
	listening on port 9090 for 4 messages
	-> hello1 -> hello1 yourself! 
	-> hello2 -> hello2 yourself! 
	-> hello3 -> hello3 yourself! 
	-> hello4 -> hello4 yourself! 
	-> hello5 -> hello5 yourself! 
	end.
> mechanic listen -p 9090 "{message} yourself!" 3
	output:
	listening on port 9090 for 3 messages
	(1) -> hello1 -> hello1 yourself! 
	(2) -> hello2 -> hello2 yourself! 
	(3) -> hello3 -> hello3 yourself! 
	end.
> mechanic test send -s 127.0.0.1 -p 80 "hello" 

using defaults
==============
 mechanic listen 
  // port = 9090, cnt = 1, server = 127.0.0.1, response = "{message} recieved.", msPause = 0
 mechanic send 


Words STARTING With Capitals Are Yellow
words: ending: with: colons:
 - start lists with dash
  - asdasd
 # comments with hash
 > accent an item with greater than
  underline headings
 ==================
"any text inside quotes is different color"


NB! to do, decide how to use approvals with the project, otherwise other people will not be able to run the project
	without requiring beyond compare reporter installed!!! so no good for open source project, drat! pity.